A C-style preprocessor will be written to perform parameter substitution. The preprocessor will do the following:

Create an empty <original name>.substituted file in the current working directory
Create parameter hash that maps parameter names to parameter values.
Read parameters from files in the order they are specified on the command line
Resolve each parameter:
search the parameter value for variables that need to be replaced and perform replacement if needed. Generate an error and abort if replacement is needed but the
correspondent parameter is not found in the parameter hash.

if the parameter value is enclosed in backticks, run the command and capture its stdout. If the command succeeds (returns 0), store the parameter in the hash with the
value equal to stdout of the command. If the command fails (returns non-0 value), report the error and abort the processing.

if the value is not a command, store it in the parameter hash.
if this is a duplicate parameter, warn and replace the old value with newly generated one.
Resolve each command line parameter in the order they are specified on the command line
use the same resolution steps as for parameters passed in a file
For each line in the input script
if comment or empty line, copy over
if declare line resolve the parameter using the same steps as for parameters passed in a file
if default line is encountered, the parameter defined is looked up in the parameter hash. If the parameter is not found, processing identical to declare line is
performed; otherwise, the line is skipped.

for all other lines
search the line for variables that need to be replaced and perform replacement if needed. Generate an error and abort if replacement is needed but the correspondent
parameter is not found in the parameter hash. (Reuse the code from the parameter substitution in declare statement.)

place the substituted line into the output file.
If -dryrun is not specified, pass the output file to grunt to execute. Otherwise, print the name of the file and exit.
if neither -debug nor -dryrun are specified, remove the output file.
